`Web docs` Card A11Y updates (#3037)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/card/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

### Static cards

> Static cards may have interactive elements within them but are not actionable or interactive on their own. Card should not have any elevations applied to it to appear visually flat.

Author: I think instead of using "elevations" as the word, I should use "shadow" instead.

> Static cards may have interactive elements within them but are not actionable or interactive on their own. Card should not have any elevations applied to it to appear visually flat.

Author: Thoughts on this?
```suggestion
Static cards may have interactive elements within them but are not actionable or interactive on their own. Card should not have any shadows applied to it to appear visually flat.
```

> Static cards may have interactive elements within them but are not actionable or interactive on their own. Card should not have any elevations applied to it to appear visually flat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static cards may contain interactive elements but must not be actionable or interactive on their own. The Card should not have any shadow (CSS) applied to it, so that can be differentiated from an interactive card.
```

This is as clear as I could think to suggest.

> Static cards may have interactive elements within them but are not actionable or interactive on their own. Card should not have any elevations applied to it to appear visually flat.

Reviewer 2: They should not have any shadows applied to them to appear non-interactive.
=>
They should not have any shadows applied to them _so that they_ appear non-interactive.

> Static cards may have interactive elements within them but are not actionable or interactive on their own. Card should not have any elevations applied to it to appear visually flat.

Reviewer 2: I think what you have above is better but I think it needs one more tweak for clarity. @majedelass

![A static card titled "Billing summary" with an info notification and a link.](/assets/components/card/card-static-flat-looking.png)

### Interactive cards

> Interactive cards are actionable, e.g., they can be hovered over, clicked, or focused on. If a card is interactive, it should not include additional interactive elements within it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Interactive cards are actionable, e.g., they can be hovered over, clicked, and focused on. If a card is interactive, it should not include additional interactive elements within it.
```

In order for the interaction to be accessible, it needs to be all 3. Like they can't just apply hover styles bc that implies that it is only usable with a mouse.

Reviewer 4: @majedelass It looks like this comment got missed.

> Interactive cards are actionable, e.g., they can be hovered over, clicked, and focused on. If a card is interactive, it should not include additional interactive elements within it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Interactive cards are actionable, e.g., they can be hovered over, clicked, or focused on. If a card is interactive, it should not include additional interactive elements within it.
```

> Interactive cards are actionable, e.g., they can be hovered over, clicked, or focused on. If a card is interactive, it should not include nested interactive elements within it.

Reviewer 4: [nit] The below "dont" example does a more thorough job of explaining nested interactivity, so I don't think we need it here. 

```suggestion
Interactive cards are actionable, e.g., they can be hovered over, clicked, or focused on. 
```

!!! Dont

> Don't nest interactive elements within an interactive card. This is because screen reader users cannot access nested interactions properly. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Don't nest interactive elements within an interactive card. Screen reader users cannot access nested interactions properly. 
```

> Don't nest interactive elements within an interactive card. Screen reader users cannot access nested interactions properly. 

Reviewer 4: It sounds like there's a way to build an interactive card with nested interactive elements in it (according to our previous conversation). Should we clarify that we're providing this recommendation for reasons other than accessibility?

Author: This is REALLY well put Cristiano. +1 to how you broke this down. A lot more elegant than I could :)

Author: Updated!

![An interactive card with a table with links and buttons within causing a nested interactive.](/assets/components/card/card-dont-nest-interactive.png)

!!!

!!! Do

> When the card is interactive, ensure elements within are static elements only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the card is interactive, only static elements should be contained within it.
```

![An interactive card with a table with links and buttons within.](/assets/components/card/card-do-flat-internal.png)

!!!

## Levels

![example of card styles for various levels, including: base, mid, and high](/assets/components/card/card-levels.png)

### Base

Use for **static cards**.

> ### Mid

Author: Mmmmm... I would disagree with you on this. Right now the issue with our cards is that they are so heavily varied in how our static and interactive cards are displayed which is causing an accessibility perceivably issue. How would a user know if a card is a link or not if both static and interactive cards can use either of the two styles? Our current guidelines are non-descriptive which has allowed consumers to mix and match. Doing this clearly articulates when to use _which style_ for _which type of card_ so that perceivably is improved here.

> ### Mid

Reviewer 4: +1 to what @majedelass mentioned. It seems like the underlying reason we see variation is due to personal preference, and because we didn't previously have guidance on this. I would love to see more consistent and intentional usage across the products, and I think this guidance helps us get there.

> Use for **interactive cards** as the rested (default) and active (pressed) states.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use for the rested (default) and active (pressed) states of **interactive cards**.
```

### High

> Use for **interactive cards** as the raised (hover) state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use for the raised (hover) state of **interactive cards**.
```

### Interactive cards

> Interactive cards are actionable (e.g., it can be hovered, clicked, focused, etc.). Ensure that if your cards link out to other places, do not have additional linkable elements within.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Interactive cards are actionable, e.g., they can be hovered over, clicked, or focused on. If a card is interactive, it should not include additional linkable elements within it.
```

!!! Dont

> Don't nest other interactive elements while the card itself is interactive. This is an accessibility violation called a nested interactive.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Don't nest interactive elements within an interactive card. This is because screen reader users cannot access nested interactions properly. 
```
